4.17.0 release (#357)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/ReleaseProcess.md

   * Set the body of the GitHub release to the content of the Release Notes for the app
   * Attach the zipped `xcarchive` as an artefact to the GitHub release (if you're using the automated release command, you can find the `*.xcarchive.zip` in the Artifacts top section in the CI build).
1. Merge `release` branch back to `develop`:

>    * Open the Release PR ( PR from `release` branch targeting `develop`) which has been automatically created.

Author: This is to preserve 1-2-3-4-5-6 order in Phase 6 instead of 1-2-3-4-1-2 like before.

   * Resolve the conflicts (if any).

>    * In case there are changes other than updates to app and build versions after merging the changes from `develop`, the release engineer should assign as reviewers all the engineers who worked on those changes and remove the ones automatically assigned by PullAssigners. In current workflow every change integrated to release branch is supposed to be go into `develop` soon after, so differences should be minimal. Any differences might be a result of resolving conflicts or a hot fix PR not being merged previously to `develop`.

Reviewer: [nit] 

```suggestion
   * In case there are changes other than updates to app and build versions after merging the changes from `develop`, the release engineer should assign as reviewers all the engineers who worked on those changes and remove the ones automatically assigned by PullAssigners. In current workflow every change integrated to release branch is supposed to be go into `develop` soon after, so differences should be minimal. Any differences might be a result of resolving conflicts or a hotfix PR not being merged previously to `develop`.
```
